Infuse your life with color with plants from Proven Winners. With hundreds of
annuals, perennials and shrubs in striking colors and bold patterns, you'll
find the perfect assortment to match your unique style. I know I can count on
them to flourish in my garden since they've been tested for years. Grow
color, grow success, grow Proven Winners. Find them in their white branded
containers at your local garden center. Proven Winners, the brand gardeners trust.
For the end of season seven, just one story. And it might seem an odd
departure from the normal episode, because it's also a follow-up episode. And now
we go back to Bismarck one last time, to meet a man who was murdered in a
mysterious way. Was he killed because he knew too much? What is his connection to
the other victims? And is this cult still out there? Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio. I'm your
host Jason Carpenter. I'm having a great day. I hope you guys are having a great day too.
This is the last episode of season seven. I'm going to take a week long break
after this, but we're going to have some best of episodes next week, with short
introductions from me explaining why I picked that particular episode. Also, the
art for this episode is a bit different. This is some fan art. TVP, VTU, made this
art for me quite a long time ago. This is one of the flyers we have available for
you to download to atdeadrabbit.com. Post them up around your town, your college,
coffee shops, wherever. Hope you get the word out about the show. I also want to
give a shout out to Stuart Meatball, who recently got banned from Facebook for 72
hours for promoting this show so zealously that they gave him a 72-hour
ban. We respect the fallen. Stuart, really, really appreciate you getting the
word out. And actually, it shows where our download numbers are increasing rapidly,
rapidly, rapidly, rapidly. So everyone who's out there getting the word out,
really, really appreciate it. We also actually have a new Patreon as well. New
Patreon. I wanted to go ahead and, okay, and also this name is not safe for work, so
if you're listening to this, you can turn it down. Turn it down a little bit. There
you go. Is that a good volume? Thank you so much for supporting the Patreon. Meat
Hammer McDickfist. Thank you, Mr. Meat Hammer. Really, really appreciate it.
Any support will do. And if you can't support the Patreon, you can definitely
put up flyers or spam Facebook like Stuart or anywhere in between. Just
helping get the word out about the show is totally, totally awesome. Let's go
ahead, though, and move on to our first story. Now, yesterday, I'm gonna give a
real brief overview, but this is actually the first time I've ever done this on the
history of the show. I would actually recommend listening to yesterday's
episode if you haven't heard it already to really appreciate this first story.
And I've never done that. I always plan the podcast to be pretty self-contained.
But yesterday, on episode 349, we talked about a string of missing people in
Bismarck. We had Roy Hagel. He went missing in 1989 in Death Valley. He was
headed, he was from Bismarck, North Dakota, and he was headed back to Bismarck,
North Dakota. We talked about Michelle Joulson. She disappeared in 1994, five
years after Roy Hagel. She disappeared in Bismarck. And then we talked about
Sandra Jacobson and her son, John Jacobson, five-year-old son, John Jacobson,
also disappeared in Bismarck. They were driving from center North Dakota, where
she lived, to Bismarck, North Dakota. She called the police in Bismarck, saying
that she witnessed a satanic ritual and she didn't trust the police in center. So
she was calling the police in Bismarck, which is 40 miles away from center. Her
mother lived in Bismarck. And then she gets to her mother's house. Her mother
could tell there was something mentally wrong with her and she had a history of
mental issues, was the terminology used. Her and her son disappeared that night.
That was in 1996. Never to be seen again. None of these people have ever been seen
again. The one clue that was uniform between them, other than the fact that
they all were related to Bismarck. They all lived in Bismarck at one point or
another. One, two of them lived in Bismarck at the time. Sandra Jacobson had
just recently moved away to center, but she was living in Bismarck and died or
disappeared in Bismarck that night. The other clue that was all connected was the
biggest piece of evidence investigators had was a car left at a scene. Roy Hagel,
his car was in the desert, keys and wallet on the driver's side seat. Michelle
Joulson, her car was found, no keys, no wallet. It was completely empty except for
a half-eaten gas station sandwich. Sandra Jacobson and John Jacobson, their car was
found at a beach near a pretty wild river. Keys and the ignition purse on the
seat. So there are some coincidences there most likely, right? But let's take a look
at one more case. And there's two things that make this really, really creepy.
When I was researching this story, when I was researching this story, and I talked
about this on last night's episode as well, I said, originally I was just going
to do a story on Sandra Jacobson and her son John Jacobson. A creepy story about a
mom possibly running away with her son, possibly committing suicide with her son,
possibly actually having run afoul of saint worshipers and after reporting it
to the police went missing. Because she called them that night. She called them
that night, the night she went missing. The police. But as I was researching the
story of Sandra Jacobson, I was on a forum called Tapatok and there is a special
part of this forum called Porchlight, which is dedicated to unsolved mysteries,
people missing, things like that. Leaving the porch light on for this person to
come home. That was the first time I saw that the Sandra Jacobson story could be
related. That was actually the first time I ever heard of Roy Hagel or Michelle
Juleson was reading that article. And I was like, there's a lot of similarities.
Someone wrote an article saying, these cases have gone 20 years without being
solved. They're the three longest unsolved cases in Bismarck, North Dakota.
And I was like, okay, this is interesting. This is the first time I've come across
this info. So the story built out from there originally was just a short story
to start off an episode about a creepy disappearance. And I go, maybe there's
more to this. The way I have my research notes set up, it's a little complicated.
But while I was getting my bookmark folders and everything, an article kept
popping up that had no natural relationship to any of those other three
disappearances. But I kept going, why is it in this folder? Why is it here?
And I read it over and I go, why is it here? Now I was skimming it.
That'll become apparent in a second. And so when I was prepping last night's
story, I left it out because for about a week I was kind of putting stuff
together on this one. Maybe about three days on yesterday's episode. And then
today, after my Brazilian Jujutsu lesson, and actually that's worked out really
good for the show. Because now Tuesday, Thursdays, I do Brazilian Jujutsu. I get
totally amped up. We have a striking class right after it. We do some Mu Tai,
striking for about a half hour. And then I go and sit in a coffee shop for three
hours and just do research for the show. It's really benefited the stories that I
think I've been able to bring. And it's benefited the layers of research I've
been able to do. Another great thing from the Brazilian Jujutsu class, I recommend
you guys getting involved in some sort of physical activity, you'll find it's
very, very beneficial. But today I was looking, today I was looking through my
notes. And that article came back up. I was cleaning up bookmarks. You're like,
"Jason, what article? What article are you talking about?" Bismarck, North Dakota.
November 16th, 1996. Sandra Jacobson and John Jacobson go missing. October 2nd,
2005. There's a Bismarck man known as Laverne Nastrum. Now he's found in
Tuttle, North Dakota. And that's about, I believe, if I remember correctly, about an
hour away. A rancher is out checking his fence line, which sounds like a totally
tedious job. And I'm sure it is. I bet being a rancher is one of the most
boring jobs. It'd be a job that you'd really have to love your work. Being
outside, playing with your dog, raising babe the pig, deciphering Charlotte's
meaning in her webs, all of those things. But this particular day is super boring.
He was just checking the fence line. And he sees a car resting against his fence.
"Dag, nabbit!" Them damn hippies and them, their automobiles? What'd they do? And as
he's walking out to see what's going on, because this is just sitting against the
fence, he sees a body in the grass. And he's like, "Definitely, definitely hippies.
This guy must be taking a nap." But he can tell just where he's at. The dude's dead.
Calls the authorities. The police come out and they identify him as Laverne
Nastrum. They're looking at this scene and they go, "Okay, here we have this guy
dead on the ground, obviously hit by a car. Head damage, tire track, a comic
whole tire track on his back, his stomach's flat. He's killed by this car.
This car that is 75 feet away and resting against this fence." Now these things
happen. People get ran over by their own cars. I wouldn't say a lot, but it does
happen. I remember once, I didn't get run over by my car, obviously I didn't die,
but I remember once it was Christmas day, I was trying to get to my grandma's
house, and my car broke down. And I got out and I was like, "No one would help me."
And I was dressed up in my Christmas vest. I had a nice shirt on, tie, and all
that stuff. There's all... and no pants, no shoes, nothing. Totally naked, but I had a
shirt and tie on. My car is... I'm maybe two blocks from my grandma's house. My car
dies. Now I've lived in this area for the past couple years. I visited it every
summer. I knew this area like the back of my hand. So I go... I'm in the middle of a
major intersection. This was Hazel and Greenback, if you know the area in
Citrus Heights. Orangevale, technically at that point. I go, "Well, I'm gonna have
to push my own car." Because no one's stopping for me. Everyone's a big old
jerk today. Christmas. Thanks a lot. So I get out and I start pushing my car, and
I'm pushing it basically by the steering wheel. Yes, I am an incredibly strong
human being. And I'm pushing it, and I start to turn it, and I'm like... because I'm at a
turn section, and I'm turning the car. And then I noticed something. That the car is
moving faster than I'm pushing it. And then it dawns on me that even though I
had lived in this area for the past four or five years and visited this area
every summer and every Christmas, there is a pretty big hill on the corner of
Greenback and Hazel. And I had never really realized it before. And so the car
starts moving faster than I'm pushing it. Then the car begins to move faster than
I can move. And I had to make a split decision. I could jump into the car, hit
the brakes, and stop the car in its tracks. Or just let it go. And by the time I was
realizing what I could do, my arms are already getting hyper extended. The car
was moving far faster than me. So I just let it go. There's an old 88 dots and
took my hands off the wheel and stood there. And I watch it go down this hill.
And I remember there was this realization because I'm thinking the road in
front of it was completely empty. And then on the other side was incoming
traffic. It's a four-lane road. And I'm watching this car go down this hill and
I'm thinking, "Please keep going right. Please stay to the right. Please stay to
the right." And it does. And it hits this giant metal pole in a parking lot and
comes through a complete stop. And the second it hits the pole, probably about
50 feet away to my left. I hear someone go, "Yee-haw!" Because it was a hick town. It
still is a hick town, by the way. And I remember just being like, "Now again, I was
in much better shape. I think I was like 22, 23." So I ran to my grandma's house. I
was in really, really good shape when I was in college. Much stronger as well. I
get to my grandma's house and say, "I just crashed my car." And then for the rest
of the life of that car, it had a comically shaped. It looked like Bugs Bunny
hit it with a mallet. Like there was a straight-up perfect U in the front of the
car where it hit that pole so hard it just dug a hole in it. Now, I'm telling you
that story because people can easily get killed by their own cars. If I had tried
jumping into the car, I could have fallen underneath it. Or I could have not hit the
brakes in time. Or the car still could have hit something and I would have been
stuck in the car and not been able to control it. So I just let it go. But they
also had that young actor. This is probably more apt story because this
actually was more like what we're talking about. There was a dude in... He was the
guy in the new Star Trek movie. He was Chekov and he was in that movie Green Room.
He got killed by his own car. Young actor. The brakes were faulty on it and the
car was actually in the middle of a recall and he was like closing his gate
of his private driveway. The car rolled down the hill and pinned him against the
gate killed him. So these things do happen. So when the cops come out and they
see this dude dead. It's a car 75 feet away. They immediately think... Maybe he was
working on his car. Maybe the car broke down and like a jack went out or
something like that and it rolled over him. Those explanations are quickly
dismissed because they go to the car and the transmission of the car is set to
park. Now no car is going to be so faulty that you put it in park and then
it's going to roll 75 feet. I mean I guess if you had no transmission if it
was just a cardboard box with a pee painted on it and he put it in that
that could happen. But the police saw this and they go... He wasn't alone. There's no
way this could have happened. And of course you know they obviously test the
car and they go yeah this transmission works. What must have happened was he
got hit by a car. His own car. Someone put the car in park after it
rested against the fence. So what looked like an accident in the beginning they
immediately go this is a homicide. This guy was murdered. Sheriff Doug Howard
starts investigating this. This was an interesting quote I found from one of the
only articles detailing this. Sheriff Doug Howard says we're considering this as a
homicide and here's a quote from the actual like there's a passage from the
actual article. We're considering this a homicide the sheriff said. When asked why
he responded... Good question. And that's an interesting way to look... That's an
interesting way to answer that because it could be he's saying yeah it is a good
question why he was murdered. It could also be a thing like it is a good
question why we're investigating this as a homicide. Is this a homicide? But it's
very it's a very mysterious or it can be something even else. It's a very
mysterious answer. But he does pursue it as a homicide investigation. This guy
found in this field ran over by his own car that was then put into park. They go
there had to be someone else out here with him. The farmer didn't do it. They
investigate. They interview 50 people and again it's funny because it seems like
it should have just been written. I think a lot of police departments would have
just written it off as an accident and then the transmission must have been
faulty. These things happen so on and so forth. They investigate 50 people over
the course of years. They end up giving a couple people polygraphs. They start
traveling to other parts of the state trying to figure out what happened with
this guy. As of now there's a $5,000 reward still for any evidence leading to
the capture of whoever killed him. It's still being investigated as a homicide.
This is the only unsolved homicide in Kidder County which is where Tuttle, the
city of Tuttle is. And it was like on a maintenance road that's very very rarely
traveled. It's basically farmland. Now they're gonna look at a couple different
things. One, who was Laverne Nastrum? He was a criminal. He was currently
being investigated for meth possession or he'd recently been charged with
meth possession. This is where we start to get into connections for
yesterday's episode. He also was known for breaking into and he'd been charged
multiple times for this. I think he was actually found guilty and on probation.
For breaking into abandoned farms in Kidder County. So you have a guy who's
breaking into old farms looking for anything he can sell. Make a little
money, buy a little meth. So when we're talking about a Coltac in Kidder County
and where Center is, their Center and Tuttle are also about an hour away.
There's basically a triangle between Bismarck, Tuttle and Center. But so the
idea of someone breaking into abandoned farms in the Tuttle area, we could
extrapolate that he also, those are the ones he was caught for, he may have
actually been breaking into farms near Center, North Dakota, where a woman says
that she saw some a Colt activity, a ritual. Could it be possible that Laverne
broke into a farm, saw something creepy, saw something he wasn't supposed to see?
Was chased to Tuttle and then killed with his own car? Is it possible through his
meth dealings? He got into something. We see a lot of connections between
meth and peddamine use and Satan worshiping. And just so I'm
more clear here too, when I'm talking about Satan worshipers, I'm not talking
about like Church of Satan or Temple of Set, like legitimate organized
religions that believe that the human self is greater than any sort of outside
force, they reject God, Satan is just a marketing gimmick or an image that they
use to kind of like push people's buttons, really it's about worshiping the
self and hedonism. I'm not talking about that type of legitimate religion. I'm
talking about what you basically like child sacrifice, human sacrifice, Colt
activity that's based around worshiping some sort of dark God. I'm not talking
about like Anton Leves, just so we're clear on that because I've been using the
term Satan worshiping a lot over the past few days and I wanted to make that
distinction. I've made that distinction in the past but I wanted to make it again.
So you have this guy who, but saying that we do see a lot of cross
contamination between people who do meth and people who believe in really dark
things and people who worship really dark things because the meth is rotting
their brain, really. And so we have this guy, no one meth user, no one person
who's breaking into abandoned farms. He may have come across some secret ritual,
he may have been part of a secret ritual, he's connected to the three other
incidents that I just recently went over and went over yesterday. By a key fact,
again we have the car as the key piece of evidence. He's in the ignition, an empty car.
All four of these cases, we have a car as a key piece of evidence. And you go,
"Jason, that's a bit of a stretch." This guy was in total, he was from Bismarck,
but he was in total at the time. Yes, a car ran him over that someone else was
probably there because somebody would have had to put it in part. The car worked normally when
the police tested it. So yes, you have four cases where a car is a key piece of evidence,
but that's still a bit of a stretch. Sandra Jacobson and her son, John, disappeared in 1996.
But Sandra Jacobson had two children, John Jacobson and Spencer Nastrum, Laverne's son.
Laverne and Sharon Jacobson were married. They divorced three months before she disappeared.
They lived in Bismarck together. She leaves him to go to center North Dakota.
And then while driving back to Bismarck, she calls the police and says she saw a satanic ritual.
She goes missing that night. What would you do if your ex-wife and the mother of your son
went missing? Now, of course, someone can make a joke about ex-wives and stuff like that, but...
The fact that she made the call saying that there was a satanic ritual in center North Dakota,
that was common news at the time and made the story very evocative.
Is it possible that Laverne began investigating the disappearance of his ex-wife and the mother of
his son? Is it possible he was involved in her disappearance in the first place?
We'll never know, because all the answers to those questions died in a field in Tuttle, North Dakota.
Five victims. Four empty cars.
One city and long stretches of nothingness between these towns that may hold even more clues
that is satanic cults operating in North Dakota.
What's interesting too about this whole thing? So let me go back to how I discovered it. I know I
kind of ended it dramatically there, but let me go back to how I discovered this connection.
Like I said, I had this bookmark about Laverne Nastrum in my folder,
and I thought, why is it with these? And I was skimming it. I've been, as I was preparing the
episode yesterday, I go, why is this article here? When I was rereading today, I saw clearly that this
guy was from Bismarck, and I thought, whoa, why didn't I pick up on that? That's not the supernatural
part, this is me skimming stuff. But I read the Laverne article, and it never mentioned once
that his ex-wife had gone missing with the young boy years earlier, not once. Well, that's weird.
And then I started thinking, how did I know, like how did I know to save this article? I had come
across the Reddit post a while back that was talking about Sandra Jacobson and John Jacobson,
and in it it said, Sandra Jacobson's older son is still alive, but oddly enough, his father was
murdered years later. No name of the father. I had to search the name of the son, Spencer Nastrum,
found that article about the father, bookmarked it, forgot the correlation.
But see, when I was trying to connect it to, when I was like, there has to be a reason why this was
saved in the same area as the Sandra Jacobson stuff, if you typed in Sandra Jacobson Laverne Nastrum,
nothing pops up on the first page. You figure it should be, bam, it should be, but nothing pops
up on the first page. You'll get something on the second page halfway down, a website called Tapatoc,
the porch light forum. So again, the way I found out about the three missing people being connected
in the first place, the porch light forum sent me to an article written in 2008, 2008,
after the murder of Laverne, and that article didn't even connect them.
Most of these articles are dead links. When you'll read this thing on the porch light forum,
you'll click a link, it'll take you to a page that doesn't exist anymore. This news is purged
out of the system. Now that sounds like a conspiracy theory, obviously, someone's going in hacking the
net, but these are newspapers, and a lot of times newspapers, especially back in the day,
they would purge out old articles. You're not getting a lot of hits, what's the point of having
the article up there? They have copies of it. As of now, really, the only places that you can find
a connection between Laverne Nastrum and Sandra Jacobson is a Reddit thread, the porch light
forum, and this podcast. Even though every article about Laverne should talk about Sandra,
because both cases are so bizarre, why aren't other people making these connections?
Why is it just ordinary people online? The fact that the connections aren't being made
makes me think one of two things. There really is no connection other than the fact that his
ex-wife disappeared a couple years before in a mysterious way, and the other two missing cases
have nothing to do with each other, everything. The only thing that's in common is that victims
are from the same city, and they all involve cars in some way. Or that the cases are connected and
someone's actively covering up the connections. I'll be honest, I hate doing episodes like this.
Absolutely despise them. And it's funny because I hate them even more before I go on break.
And the reason why I hate them is every so often I do a story where I think,
this is true. And not in the sense, I've done stories where I've had experiences of supernatural
creatures and stuff like that, and I know that's true. And I've done stories where I believe that
the story is true in a sense, but it's like some goblin jump through someone's window. And I'm not
worried about a goblin jump through- whooo! No, I'm just joking, did I get you? I can do stuff like
that on the season finale. I'm not worried about a goblin jump through my window, but when I do an
episode that is about like a government conspiracy or a cult conspiracy, and then I'm like, "See you
guys in a week!" It always makes me nervous. Now, I'm in Oregon. This stories take place in North
Dakota. It's 14 years later after this guy gets ran over by his car. It's most likely a string of
coincidences. So I should sleep safely at night. But I do walk a lot. And there's three things I
worry about when I'm walking. Rabbit dogs, rabbit homeless people, and cars. So if something happens
to me this week on vacation, if I don't come back to do the podcast, if I am knocked down or killed
in a mysterious hit and run, if the plates of the car show that it came from North Dakota,
avenge me, dear listener. Avenge me. That's not gonna happen. I'll be back next week.
Dead Rabbit Radio at gmail.com is gonna be our email address. You can also hit us up at
facebook.com/deadratvoradio. Twitter is @deadratvoradio. Dead Rabbit Radio is the daily paranormal
conspiracy and true crime podcast. You don't have to listen to it every day. I'm so glad you
listened to it today. I will see you guys next week. Have a great one. I love you all.
Bye.